Thursday December 14th I rode out to
check my traps and soon came upon Lobos
trail in the dust I could read the whole
story of his doings the previous night
he'd run along through the scrub for a
few hundred yards then turned towards my
traps but upon reaching the first one
he'd scratched up stones and earth till
he'd sprung the trap and made it safe
continuing along the trail Seaton
discovered that Lobo had disarmed over a
dozen of his traps in the same way how
could he have seen through Seaton's
clever plans so easily wolves are very
very observant of their environment they
pay attention to a degree that people
have a hard time of fathoming they're
just extremely attentive to every little
thing in their environment they knew
Seaton was after him in his other
cowboys and so they became very attuned
to his tricks and once they learn about
traps about steel they become hyper
observant that's all they were doing the
wily wolf had outwitted Seaton once
again it was going to be a long winter
week after week I very my methods and
redouble my precautions yet there is
only defeat after defeat the Cowboys
complained bitterly of their losses and
each night old global must meet with his
triumphs December 24th went in the
afternoon to trail wolves saw only
coyotes and wolves have killed three
capital at colt
Christmas Day 1893 found many wolf
tracks today but caught nothing January
5th
bitterly cold fates and every 13th got
nothing and sod today I have ridden
without rest her staff between 35 and 45
I am facing total humiliation